chore(release): prepare release notes for OSS 22.04 (#2354)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 22.04.13

Release date: `soon`

#### Enhancements

- [Packaging] Improved default configuration for Debian packages

#### Bug fixes

- [API] Fixed PHP error messages on authentication APIs.
- [API] Improved error codes and messages for the renewing password endpoint.
- [Authentication] Added the possibility to define redirect uri for OpenID Connect authentication.
- [Authentication] Fixed an LDAP authentication issue that made LDAP users in OU with special characters unable to authenticate.
- [Authentication] Made error messages generic to improve security.

> - [Authentication] Removed extra spaces in endpoint definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Authentication] Fixed a broken URL issue by removing extra spaces in endpoint definition.
```

- [Backup] Fixed errors with distant DBMS in logs.
- [Configuration] Fixed a bug in trap relations with services by host groups.
- [Configuration] Fixed deletion of images when importing a configuration on a Remote Server with Map installed.

> - [Core] Fixed an error when accessing to the install wizard on new installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed an issue when accessing the installation wizard for a new installation.
```

- [Install] Fixed an SQL error when installing a new platform using MySQL 8 as DBMS.

> - [Install] Removed a displayed error during update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install] Removed a displayed error during an update.
```

> - [LDAP] Fixed LDAP groups listing in contactgroups form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [LDAP] Fixed LDAP groups listing in contact groups form.
```

> - [ResourceStatus] Fixed an error when opening detail panel of a resource in downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ResourceStatus] Fixed an error when opening the detail panel of a resource in downtime.
```

> - [Server] Fixed a bug that prevented non-admin users to select host groups in some areas of Centreon (eg. Host Discovery mappers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed a bug that prevented non-admin users from selecting Host Groups in some areas of Centreon (e.g. Host Discovery mappers).
```

> - [UX] Removed UI slowdown when browser has no internet access with CEIP enabled.

Reviewer: In 22.10, this one is in the Enhancements section.
